today in case you don't know it's
national boss's day this is a day on
which we're supposed to show our
appreciation and thankfulness to the men
and women we were it should be called
national ass-kissing day a really but we
so we went out of street day with a
bunch of masks we ask people walking by
to give their boss a message on
television in a special bosses day
edition of hide-and speak its national
boss's day tell us what you really think
about your boss I don't like the guy why
not you know they always think they know
more than you and usually you just gotta
tell them hey listen here but sorry it's
not that way I think he's a douchebag to
be honest with this mask on tell us what
you really think about your boss I think
she's a master yes is it really because
he don't pay me in the extra money for
extra work do you get free carrots or
anything
I'm tired of laughing at his unfunny
jokes and just like not interesting and
I'm tired of being fake he's just not a
good guy
I've been waiting to get this off my
chest for a while I think my boss is a
is a be honest with you I hate my boss
ha ha
because he's fat neither fat
real tired of you stand up like all day
I mean I know I work at Hooters do you
want to take the mask off and just say
what you want to say to your boss Tom I
see you staring at my boobs every single
day and honestly if you want to touch on
just ask
I wonder if Tamil would be happy about
that or not thanks for watching if you
like that video click the subscribe
button and if you didn't like it will
you hurt my feelings